All right.
So in this lesson, we will continue styling our headline component.
And I'd like to start with our H1 tag right here on line three.
As always, we're going to add a bunch of Tailwind CSR classes.
So let's add the classes right here and we'll begin with a bold font which we can do with Font Dashboard.
As you can see, that makes the font weight 700 and earlier in the class, when we pulled in our fonts
from Google Fonts, we actually selected the bold options.
So we have this available.
The next thing I want to do is apply a special class called Tracking Dash TITRE.
What that actually does is it reduces the letter spacing, which is the distance between the letters
whenever we write our text.
This is again just to make it look very similar to the official website, but it's purely aesthetic.
The next thing I want to do, of course, is increase the font size.
We saw how small our text was in the previous lesson, so let's give this a really large font size.
And so we have text dash x eight Excel, which as you can see is six REM or equivalently 96 pixels,
so really large and prominent as the header should be.
And finally, what I'd like to do is to create a little bit of margin between this H1 and the H2 below
where we say find your next job at Bubba Corp.
That creates just some separation between the two, especially given our very large font.
So there is a class called MVP 14.
As a reminder, the M classes deal with margin and be in tailwind term stands for bottom.
So this is margin bottom.
So it's applying margin only to the bottom of this H1 element.
As and as you can see, margin bottom 14 is equivalent to about 56 pixels.
And when I say about I mean literally 56 pixels.
So that's a good place to leave off.
So let's go ahead and save this and take a look at how this looks in the browser.
All right.
There we go, starting to get there.
This is looking very, very familiar and very good and comparable to the Google site.
Of course, we still have to deal with this text right here, which we'll worry about in the next lesson.
But this is a good place to start.
And as always, let's just check in on our sign in button as well, just to make sure that everything
is looking fine when we log in and get our sub nav.
And indeed the page is looking exactly as we expect.
Perfect.
So the word is changing.
The font is nice and prominent and we're getting that cool effect of a different font color every 3
seconds.
We will continue styling in the very next lesson.